word
let's go to the third figure
fraser versus
no no
It seems that it has opened well
here is the base
not only based on 10
we wait
here as you see there
a fist
now we have it
i
let's go to the box
it fits well
This is
bigger than the previous ones
how to be well
as you can see
to be in costume
very currada
being here for the moment and we go to each
state before here is
this is lovely
it's huge
it's a span
of mine that are line and two
spans
let's put it there
in this perhaps and that it would take a
little bit of your Peru because as you can
watch
the perfect fit will be like this but in
how much do you let it go it moves a little bit
it is not going to fall
but
put a little bit of the time
the other arm
and quite long is great
someone with care why
the truth that these pieces are fragile
It has a special lace, so it's
very easy to see the posture in which it goes
like the previous ones
yes
or
the first option would be the fist
it seems that the fist does not quite fit
I do not know if I have put it on
a little bit wrong
it costs to fit
the truth is that I do not want to press
a lot because
I do not intend to put a fist
I guess it squeezes you could sit
but
better than not
the truth is that if you want to put the
fist this would be a considerable failure
and now let's put something halo
this fits perfectly as you can
see not like the other half left
stepped out
maybe
knock on bojan's chest
this is awesome
is almost the most impact
of the diagram
well let's go for the next